REMINDER:

public static void main (String [] args) {

Is main run method in your java program and is used to make the program runnable (also use implements Runnable to 

make sure that you can open and run the program, even though I will make a run method later)

Also use extends Canvas to make sure that the window is set up, even though I will be overiding that with JFrames

Make sure to add unimplented methods and the defult serialized ID because I will need A run method later, and the 

default SID is important, but I don't really know what it does.

To set height and width, do: 

public static final int WIDTH = 160;
public static final int HEIGHT = WIDTH / 12 * 9;
public static final int SCALE = 3; (upscaling the window, because if we had no scale, this would be a tiny window.)

Or, 

Make a window class and set those varaibles there.

To set the name, do:

public static final String NAME = "(Name of game)"; (Strings are important, so make sure to remember how to make 

them. You can also do this in the window class and call it in the game class.)

Then create a Jframe by doing:

private Jframe frame; (Make your JFrame private because you don't want the code trying to change the JFrame, 

otherwise, it would mess with your window and code.)

Make sure that you have methods for closing the game, like (method).exitonclose or a string for exitonclose

public static final means that the line of code or the string can not be changed when the game is running and 

always stays the same unless changed. (There are different modifiers to this like ints, and private static finals, 

which are completely different, like we used for the WIDTH, HEIGHT, and SCALE.)

Also you have to make a thread in the run method to start the game, otherwise they would have to start the game in 

eclipse.

Also make sure to make sure the game has a tick system, which is complicated, but is implented in its own method. 

It makes the sprites and objects in the game run at the same speeds, even though one computer is faster than the 

other. This means it will run at a constant FPS the entire time, no matter how crappy your computer is. This is 

also called locked FPS.

Remeber, an if method usaly starts with if(i = 0; i < || > (call method); i++) {
